"question_text": "I have a CS degree but I don't want to code anymore. What career path can I transition into (I do enjoy learning almost anything)?",
      "answer_texts": [
        "With a background in computer science and a strong inclination towards learning, you can explore non-coding career paths that leverage your analytical and problem-solving skills. Two possibilities are:Product Management: In this role, you would oversee product development, coordinating across engineering, marketing, and sales. Your understanding of coding can help you effectively communicate technical requirements and manage projects. Skills like project management and user experience design, which can be enhanced through courses, would be beneficial. Data Analysis/Data Science: Although coding isn't a direct requirement in this field, your background in computer science can still be applied to understanding and interpreting data for decision-making. You can focus on roles like business analyst or technical sales, where customer-facing roles require strong communication skills and a grasp of data-driven insights.It's important to identify what kind of work and setting brings you the most satisfaction, considering your passion for learning. Consider exploring various industries and roles to find the one that best aligns with your interests and skills."
        
      ]
    },
    {
      "question_text": "How easy is it to transition from one field in CS (web development) to another (security, machine learning, mobile, embedded systems, etc.)? I enjoy web development, but I'm concerned about the low median wages and it being a dead-end career.",
      "answer_texts": [
        "Transitioning from web development to other fields in computer science, such as security, machine learning, mobile, or embedded systems, can be manageable with a solid foundation in programming and problem-solving. While web development salaries might have a lower median compared to some other sectors, areas like security and machine learning tend to be in high demand, offering better compensation. To assess the feasibility, researching job trends and salary expectations in your target field can be helpful. Instead of viewing web development as a dead-end career, consider investing in skills that are in demand. Focus on building relevant expertise and leveraging your existing knowledge, which can open up opportunities in other areas. By proactive learning and skill development, you can enhance your earning potential and potentially find a more fulfilling and potentially higher-paying path."
        
      ]