"question_text": "How do I prepare for the system design interview, specifically at Facebook?",
      "answer_texts": [
        "To prepare for a system design interview at Facebook (now Meta), follow these steps:Understand the basics: Learn fundamental concepts like scalability, reliability, availability, latency, throughput, and load balancing. Study system components, their functions, and interactions.Review common patterns: Familiarize yourself with microservices vs. monoliths, their differences, advantages, and disadvantages. Explore caching strategies and technologies used in system design.Stay updated: Keep up with the latest technologies and trends in system design and distributed systems through resources like books, online courses, and YouTube channels.Practice designing systems: Apply your knowledge by designing systems like URL shorteners, social media feeds, messaging systems, and e-commerce platforms. Also, engage in mock interviews to improve your skills.Mock interviews: Conduct mock interviews with peers or use platforms for practice, and seek feedback to refine your approach.Deep dive into Facebook-specific scenarios: Research Facebook's infrastructure, data handling, and user-centric features. Understand how to design systems that align with their requirements and values.Prepare your approach: Clarify requirements, outline your design, discuss trade-offs, and address edge cases. Practise explaining your thought process coherently.Improve communication skills: Explain your design decisions clearly, collaborate during the interview, and be open to feedback.By following these steps and regularly practicing, you can better prepare for a system design interview at Facebook and increase your chances of success."
       
{
      "question_text": "Is there any website for practicing/discussing system design interview questions like topcoder for data structures and algorithms?",
      "answer_texts": [
        "Yes, there are websites where you can practice and discuss system design interview questions. Two options mentioned are LeetCode.com, which has a discussion section for its questions and is often curated from actual interview challenges, and Practice Live Job Interviews, which offers free mock interviews for system design. Additionally, Educative, a platform for software developers, offers a course called "Grokking Modern System Design" that covers modern software system building blocks and is designed to prepare for system design interviews."
        
      ]